Surface settings.compilation via a compilation= kwarg (#248)
qiskit-community/qiskit-ionq: README.md

Dry-run jobs produce no measurement results, so calling `job.result()` on one raises `IonQJobError` directing you to `compiled_circuit(...)`.

> Compilation-side knobs (compiler version, optimisation level, output basis, precision) are forwarded to the API's `settings.compilation` block via a `compilation=` kwarg:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compilation knobs (compiler version, optimisation level, output basis, precision) are forwarded to the API's `settings.compilation` block via a `compilation=` kwarg:
```

```python
job = backend.run(
    qc,
    dry_run=True,
    compilation={"service_version": "v2", "opt": 0.7, "gate_basis": "native"},
)
```

> Fields are passed through verbatim; refer to the IonQ API reference for the supported values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields are passed through verbatim; refer to the [IonQ API](link me!) for the supported values.
```
